# AN GIANG TRAVELING WEBSITE
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/QH86AKVp0Rs
#### Description:
My final project is a website with the name "AN GIANG TRAVELING". This website was coded with HTML, CSS, Javascript,Python, Bootstrap, SQL and Flask. My website consists of 1 Homepage and 5 Subpages corresponding to 5 tourist locations to visit at An Gianng Province (My Hometown). The reason why my final project is a traveling website is I want to develop local tourism and let more people know about my hometown.

Firstly, I will introduce about the Homepage. My Homepage is coded with index.html file. On the upper left corner of the Homepage is a logo, that logo I create it in Canva and then add it to the code. At the top center is a Navigation Bars displaying some choices such as About Us, Locations, News, Contact and Feedback.Those choices such as: About Us, News and Contact are not yet complete so I write "This is my final project" in them. The locations is a menu to list some locations such as: Tan Chau, Chau Doc, Tinh Bien, Tri Ton, Long Xuyen. Below it is a Carousel with 5 carousel-item which display some beautiful scene of the location in An Giang Province. We can switch the slide next or pre by the button on the right and the left. Following, there is a form with 1 input(fill the username) and 1 button to submit to make a greeting to user.This greeting likes "Hi __! Let choose the location that you want to visit". At the foot of Homepage is 5 gallery which path to 5 subpages corresponding to 5 tourist locations.In every gallerry is a link to corresponding subpage.Each picture in gallery I set the width is 600 and the height is 400. To make the homepage more beautiful, I use Bootstrap and CSS.I also intergrate an audio to my website, this is my favorite music. CSS file include: position, visibility, font-size, font-weight, font-style, font-family, color, background-color, margin, border, padding, width, height....

Secondly, let introduce about Subpages. All of 5 html file are extended from file layout.html. Each subpage has a scrollspy at the top which display 4 items such as: Locations, Cuisine, Mean of transportation and Comments.It is presented as a black background with white text and is fixed at the top.Below, there is a thumbnail picture represent to each location in An Giang.This picture I made in Canva and then add to the code. Each part has some paragraphs and pictures to describe the tourist locations, cuisine at that place and vehicle to visit it.Each picture I set the width is 600 àn the height is 400. The special thing of subpage is Comments at the foot of page. It is  a form for user to fill Username and their comment about that location, share opinion and feeling to everyone.This form contain 2 inputs, there are username and comment. The information about their comments like date, username and content of the comment is stored in project.db and then is displayed in Comments part in subpage. Everyone visit this page can see their comments and other comments from other people.To make some subpage more beautiful i also use Bootstrap and CSS.

Thirdly, I have some new ideas to make my website be more complex but I can't add them to my website yet cause i am so busy. Therefore I will present it here. My idea is Shopping function, it means if user visit my website and see the information about some location and want to buy some special product at that loction. They can buy it in Shopping through my website. And when we receive the order we will buy them and ship to user. It sound great, right?

Finally, I would like to say I appreciate all the teachers  of this course.I hope that after earning more experiences I can develop this project more and more. This is my final project. This was CS50!c